---
name: "[Hackathon 2025] Checkers measure description template"
about: 'Checkers: use this template to describe your new measure to associate with a rule.'
title: "[Hackaton 2025][Your team here][The platform here] The associated rule title here"
labels: Hackathon 2025, checkers
assignees: glalloue

---

**Associated rule title**

The title of the associated rule is measured in this ticket.  
Example : 
`SVG images generated by common drawing softwares contains unnecessary data: calc layer, metadata, namespaces and comments.`

**Associated rule link**

The link to the existing rule measured referenced into the "rules specifications" repository  
Example : 
[EC10 Python](https://github.com/green-code-initiative/ecoCode/blob/main/ecocode-rules-specifications/src/main/rules/EC10/python/EC10.asciidoc)

**Language and platform**

The language and platform of the associated rule.  
Example: `Python` or `Android Java`
It's supposed to be described in the rule itself.

**Measure justification**

**Very important**: Give us elements that justify your measure of this rule, justifying (or not) the environmental impact.
Without a good justification, the Green Code Initiative will not accept your measure.
If you used a tool, specify which tool and add screenshots or reports as attachment to this issue.

Here are some elements that can help to justify your measure:
- A publication or documentation that calculates the impact of the rule (provide the link to the documentation or at least a reference if the documentation is not available online). Please indicate us where to find the information in the document (page, paragraph) and perform a summary if possible.
- Measurement reported by an impact calculation tool (this can be one of the tools made available during the challenge or another).
- Justification by several measurement tools will have more impact
- Procedure for carrying out the measurement

**Validation**

Indicate whether the measurement performed `validates` or `invalidates` this rule.

Indicate the percentage of certainty of this validation (0% for "I'm not sure at all", 100% for "I'm certain of the result")
